Come back in this chapter we are going to build a crawler and a crawler allows us to go through Web
sites or a specific Web site and just check out the information and give it back in a specific format
that we would like to have it.
And we are going to look at this Web site which is created by us.
And you can check it out.
It's really just having some very generic data which isn't pretty much useless in the sense of the content
but here it's really about the structure and how you approach such things.
So what you can see here is you have an A little smiley.
Then you have some text or the headline you have an image and then you have some detailed information
about something so this could be some way readed Fred for example or this could be just a Web site where
you get some information from in order to know what the current exchange rates are or whatever.
But here you have just this specific example of what the data will be displayed or is displayed like
in this web site or on this Web site.
So we're going to create a crawler which extracts data from a Web site.
And in order to do that we write a little program in Python which retrieves that Web site and then extracts
the data from it.
Now we want to extract the data from a web site and we can use that by calling the Web site.
So we're calling it's HDMI out.
And then we extract the relevant data from it in a specific form and for us that we can use.
And what happens in the background for that.
Well we have Python or our Python program on one hand and we have the server where the Web site is on
on the other hand.
And now we can use Python in order to make a request to that server and the server then sends back the
HQ mail and Python can then read the response and extract the relevant data from it.
So we can display the data in a different format or calculate something out of it or whatever we would
like to do with it.
And we will use the following tools.
First of all we create the requests.
This allows us to easily access the G-mail code of a page and then we will use beautiful soob which
is a tool and you'll see later on what it does in order to conveniently extract the data from the HVM
l code.
So we get HVM Alco back which is not Python code is slightly different code and if you know it came
out then this will be a piece of cake for you but we will also look at AGM.
So no worries if you don't know extremal at all then we could use a crawler not just for reading from
this Web site that I gave you as an example of but you can get the current share prices reading message
page and write all the headlines into a V file and then display it on your phone or whatever.
Extract information from an extensive product catalog and then adjusted accordingly.
Well yeah and these are just some examples.
There is a little information or a little side note that I would like to give you as well.
You can use those or do those approaches where you crawl through Web sites but just really for personal
use and you're not allowed to cross the Web site in a way that it all breaks pretty much to Web site.
So that breaks the connection of the Web site to the server or something like that.
So you have to stay in the legal areas and among the lawyers so I don't I can't tell you explicitly
what exactly is allowed and what not.
I can just tell you or explain you how you can use this and that's why we're going to use this at a
specific website that we created and that well we allow you to use for these purposes.
So you will see how to use that and also when you crawl from a web site you have to make sure whether
you are allowed to use the information if you ever want to use it publicly or something.
So you may need to make sure with the provider for example if that is allowed often such an information
are done via API so you get the information via an API and then you have to pay for that API and then
you may do whatever you want with this information.
But that really depends on a case by case.
So I'd say let's dive right into it because this is going to be our first bigger program and it will
be pretty cool.
So you will learn some really good stuff and it all is based upon what you have learned so far.
So you will see that with this little time Inv. that you had so far you can already realize some really
pretty good programs.
All right.
So we're excited and see you in the next video.